---
title: Combine Task And Motion Planner 
layout: post
author: Duong Le
tags: [Motion Planning]
---

<a href="papers/PaperJETAI16.pdf">Link To Paper: Interactive Search for Action and Motion Planning with Dynamics</a>


This paper proposes an interactive search approach, termed INTERACT, which couples sampling-based motion planning with action planning in order to effectively solve the com- bined task- and motion-planning problem. INTERACT is geared toward scenarios involving a mobile robot operating in a fully-known environment consisting of static and movable objects. INTERACT makes it possible to specify a task in the planning-domain definition language (PDDL) and automatically computes a collision-free and dynamically-feasible trajectory that enables the robot to accomplish the task. The coupling of sampling-based motion planning with action planning is made possible by expanding a tree of feasible motions and partition- ing it into equivalence classes based on the task predicates. Action plans provide guidance as to which a equivalence class should be further expanded. Information gathered during the motion-tree expansion is used to adjust the action costs in order to effectively guide the expansion toward the goal. This interactive process of selecting an equivalence class, expand- ing the motion tree to implement its action plan, and updating the action costs and plans to reflect the progress made is repeated until a solution is found. Experimental validation is provided in simulation using a robotic vehicle to accomplish sophisticated pick-and-place tasks. Comparisons to previous work show significant improvements.


<b>  Task and Motion Planning: Robot moves object to corresponding room with rule (only 1 object in 1 room at a time) </b> 

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Arkp_-SNV-0?si=55Vu0EFFEukRvCyA" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>